all right Tony hope this makes sense I'm
going to go over how to set the phones
and you let me know what you got on your
end this is probably what you have set
up right now where the you have a modem
or router cable going from that into
your network card on the pc okay what i
need to do to start is unplug that from
the computer so there's no a network
cable plug into the computer and that's
going to go into if you can see that the
land side of the the phone's power pack
thingy ok so again we're coming from the
modem or router going rouge right into
the land side then from there we need
another cable i'm going to plug it into
that we're going to go into the i don't
know if you can see here but the land
and power side of the phone in there
hope got to plug it in the right way
though in order for it to work ok so
again the phone jack on the power pack
is going to go into the right side here
the land power now what we need get one
more cable for this is the hook the
computer back up in order to do that we
need one more cable and that's going to
go into the pc side of the phone get
them in there and grab my other end of
the cable and that is going to go back
into the computer ok so now we're going
to trace everything so once you have it
all set up this is the way it should be
you have your modem or router cable
going from that into the land side of
the power pack cable going from the
phone side of the power pack into the
land power side of the phone and then
the next cable going from the pc side of
the phone
back into the pc this will allow
everything to communicate back with the
modem or router and get your internet
connection and both your computer and
your phone should be a-ok all right call
me if you have any questions bye bye